fix: rename incremental to counter (#65)
OpenSLO/OpenSLO: README.md

    # ratioMetric {good, total} should be defined only if thresholdMetric is not set.
    # ratioMetric good and total have to contain the same source type configuration (for example for prometheus).
    ratioMetric:

>         counter: true | false # wether the metric is a up-down counter (or non-monotonic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        counter: true | false # true if the metric is a monotonically increasing counter, or false if it is a single 
        number that can arbitrarily go up or down
```
just making it a bit more clear

Author: Thank you :)
